The
Yes and Iuwake
Next station station liquid crystal station how to choose
That's right personally, but after all that's the most important thing
gtg neutral color display speed
Slow display speed of neutral colors
For example
If it is a personal feeling, it will be 5 milliseconds or later
The
The delay of the image displayed for the mouse operation is uncomfortable
7 Start moving and ramen comes late
That's right yes
Conversely speaking, after recognizing the play
I aimed at myself with the mouse
Until defeat
That time will be overwhelmingly delayed
That's right, it's completely done , because I was able to react but I didn't get it turned
I 'm sorry I didn't get enough balls, so that's why I sell
If you think so, after all this is many early from gtg
It's something you 've already done
by speed 120hz 120hz 120hz What should I do?
That's likely I think you hammer benefits Tteyuu look at the 3 d
Domo multiplied by the Well 3 beautiful woman is watching the video of the 3 d With the guy that supports
Simply
Is the number that was jal drawing not a by a mean
With I'm 120hz So the piece is gonna be two-fold compared to the I heard 60hz
The ones that had seen the hit 60 Frey in terms of the extreme argument After However if visible at 120 gonna be
It does not mean
And if it is 120 frames, the other party looks beautiful but if it is 60 frames
During that man frame
Hmm
Me chagrin when I came is that not standing able to recognize the enemy
Well Well kind of completely or is that not out my train because of the liquid crystal
Try to lose the tournament
Do Well pillow also beat painted was not I'll I eat I'll I ne wall was also not do not leave many people with
Are doing
Well, but if you throw it
In but the measures I have become almost the same as I Matsuzaki-san was told now sometime I
Also
Or out of a sense of show at the numbers I mean and I think this is the response speed of the so-called gtge
Though
The information of the frame is actually physically inserted into the liquid crystal as a person who has not announced the manufacturer
From
It is the say the period of until it is drawn'm not announced where the manufacturer
In short forgiven
There was that there was nothing but comparison to try to buy and try
In this time, I was able to touch 3 points and let us compare, so let's make a very good experience
I think I got it
Since the input delay is possible and 120hz less
Afterimage is I fps lead to blurred afterimage is the largest of the place name stores in the I'm reduced liquid crystal
It is so because there be I mistaken because you move from the wonders from a distance
It entered me the afterimage also come the enemy in a few roots and crisp by become shorter
I believe in Toparit Ne
I wonder if I do not know this
I Do not might not know the level not it time that you
It is a speed or a residual image in the main secretary
I consider this one more important
Yes this is our choice
Benkei of Chapter 1 of the temporary one eye benq
Well I'm using it as well
Comfortable N
Wow comfortable Well
Do you have been used to what kind of a liquid crystal me before you buy with this station
It seems to be the first thing to put out the manufacturer name
Well Bonney 17 inch cookbook
I think that it is likely to be such a thing at the beginning of using the stone
I did it but i did
Fly
If you use it at a home for a lifetime early, you might be stunned
Isn't it different?
Already
After operating with the story mouse immediately after all
The picture is
It 's also quick to get it
I did not move it to here
It is to be felt to be very moving slimy 7 days the number of frames is because twice
Or after all the sides Day times
This liquid crystal is looking for fps once and for all
Active
famous
Pro gamer Well that's right I'm a professional like Swedish I have no match
In the liquid crystal that gamers are participating in supervision
f I want to play with an aspect ratio of 4 to 3, not even through the piece
With this kind of function that you can control everything on hardware side
The ranking is quite different
Hmm
Well of an idea
Well let 's put out the name of the title and counter strike
Four to three
There are a lot of people who want to do it on the screen, and such a very important item for such players
Is one of the more effect the kana not it become it is recommended products